if,
You ask people ..
These are two and a half cups :)
And...
You want people to get used to drinking a gallon of this drink a day
True, it is people that ..
People are malnourished
What happens is that you are immune
You do not fully feed
That's why you see a significant change of people
And so on
*Laughter*
Hi all D:
I came back again
With another video by Dr. Phil
What kind of kids will you make fun of this week, Felix?
His concern is no, no no
They will not condemn to such an extent
Okay?
Today we will scoff at an adult woman.
everybody
Her name is Geely
Jelly Juice inventor
In fact, I do not know if her name is Geely, maybe it is, I do not know.
I made this juice.
Which is supposed to drink a gallon a day
How much is the gallon equal?
Gallons per liter
Three points * laughs *
Jesus Christ
Just drink a gallon of this, you just have to drink gallons.
Of wastewater.
I will not explain much. Let's just watch. Because this is ridiculous
You are actually feeding your body what
They are undermined by parasites that are undermined by each of the different species
The toxins that will attack you at the cellular level are classic
An example of someone who has not studied anything just read online then
He thinks he's an expert on the subject and I realize I'm doing this all the time
It actually has molecular cell oral levels of toxins in your body
They solve all their problems
Gallon yes diet which is sir works up a gallon
Today you say they will not feel good when they start
Drink this you gonna be a ton of what you call aka waterfalls
Explosive diarrhea Healing a kind of healing feeling has photos of people that
Weapons and things may mature at all not because I did not get it
I have only been doing this for a year so you do not have any proof of this really
Growing on my veneer I saw creeping experiments even smaller they claim
That this juice can do a lot of things will get into it all but one of the
It is an outrageous claim that your limbs can grow even if you lose your arm
Drink this juice Got one new shout You do not have any proof of that
Really growing on the roads are relative I have seen quickly but evidence of everything relative
Well this juice can make me forever
Relative Guide I have not gotten that far yet but I mean I'm not dead yet I am
Doctor. Phil are proving they are all relative I've done this for just a year how fine
Is to strengthen your claim to this woman, my God if you have any training
You have enough training well on the Internet and actually take the info yes I am
You have enough training by reading mumbo-jumbo online this is all I need d.
Phil does not need a Ph.D. to show that I am a genius not a medical education or a degree
You do not have a medical license that is OK for you to have no scientific studies either
You know clinical studies both human study animal studies do not have
The brain is not okay Great you want to see what they left behind you see your
Friends and family are dying of cancer disease and chronic illness is that what
You want your claims are that you can re-grow this hair here is my God
You can restore members' recovery from the way the drink does not even have anything
Contains what you need to re-grow any of this but just ok
Miracle Juice It 's not just a miracle juice Jelly juice and hardware
William is right if you can heal your cut on your arm
Right right system These are the cells that we grow it
How not to have this jump to go so we go in a loop splitting your machine up when you are
I cut myself up so that juice can grow my divine organs is my arms
In an accident I could have potential Yes Drink Sorry you drink
Healing from the inside so I drink this, this arm is only
Go to re-grow because I want to know what exactly is what you say
Re-examine it because look at it and you can not heal your pieces on your arm
Right see Yes you re-grow it is likely to say that we live to 400 years
Old you can live in it for hundreds of years I did this for a year okay I did
Read them online I've done a d. An elephant that does
You think you are a type of cancer doctor and is an anti cancer of any kind
Cancer cancer is a fungus though and then this stuff really bothers me
Because you got to the point because I heard stories about similar things where
People will jump from cancer treatment to do a kind of juice
Cleansing Healing All you have to do is eat properly and you do not need everything
This medicine then people actually die of this kind of thing because
They are fed up with the result of a doctor who does not give them what they want until they are
Taking a blind leap of faith by someone this literally is just hatching on people
In pain people who suffer if you drink these Down syndrome all cells
Just completely rework the absolutely basic features re-examine your features
Completely change your cuz like morphine when your bones grow
It's painful and says that this will reverse homosexuality just way Yeah
She says so too this will reverse homosexuality yes you are
Jack bet no more gayness how it ends like
If you have something of these and you happen to be gay then you are
You may as well just do this and see what it does to you that is just outrageous
Do you think she applauds her or what this smile is doing - she is
It really bothers me I feel like a person type
It can take any damage you can ever tell her and anything
It will only go so you will buy the Jews or what is sorry is fine
What the hell is happening is so planted by it I feel that this was
I planted it I do not want to bury what I say I think you say this
Reverse homosexuality is outrageous and attack can be yes no
She seems to have some critics or what she likes to call them all hateful
My haters are very well what they really do that everyone hates if you are
Every night a man appeared on YouTube and had her calls out and
This is just someone wanting to do money and I found a place to do it
Jeff's vacation is outside of YouTube's work that he knows
You can get results and clicks and this will be the perfect thing for him
Make money from someone means I got her first man just man
Because someone does it so their argument all seems to be wrong
It is only because someone doing this makes fun of you incomplete argument
The obsessed gel is a group of online trolls who have never tried jelly or juice
Accusing her of trying to cheat people I know it is crazy to criticize people
Something they did not try to right especially something I described to you
It will give such tremendous pain juice can cure your arm if it gets cuts
Do not do well you have cut your arm and drink juice how you can
Know if you are not trying how you can criticize it if you do not drink
Juice is now a vacation Jeff's refuge could have been a fake flag on YouTube
Lee could have had me in the studio if you were following the Gillian protocol and you
Drink about a gallon of this crap the day you will end up drinking four times
The recommended health amount of salt is not just that it does not do what it is
He thinks he is supposed to do it but it is also harmful because it is convincing
People give themselves sodium poisoning which can lead to confusion
Zina fits the zombie drug and death so this Jews have a lot of salt in it
Such as drinking from the ocean and from it already has serious causes for others
People negative effects raise very good point you have all these claims
But you do not have data you do not have a basis for this you have some good people I am
I looked at her statements by the way and I like this from our site
Here is the change I passed by Julian's protocol that is me before
This is after what I mean oh well by this and yet
Sorry I did not see it properly lost a little weight like what it is
The difference is so it's the only testimonial on this jelly juice you go to
It has its PDF what is normal what it is
Natural science behind the protocol so I wrote this scientific thing
It starts with just a bunch of quotes which are always a great way if
You have to colt to convince people to bring quotations from people who have
Nothing really with your studies like Arthur Schopenhauer somehow
Legalize your claims you've got to re-life any life you have not been
Twelve years You have not renewed any parties you are not
Missing ellipse I d. Phil Hmmm How do you think this happened Why?
Do you think I'm not missing the parties huh? So Jeff asked her if you feel
Responsible for people who are suffering from this actual medical treatment
The treatment here is the thing I actually teach people how to learn about them
The body itself is about themselves to make their own decision that you feel responsible for
People who follow your protocol and they are hurt feel it because they have
The opportunity to read my information to understand I have it all free so they are
I had the opportunity to read my information and it was their fault to
Reading my information told her should help
The damn fault was fine we heard about the juice
Yes yes yes Juices is very bad but let's hear about people who drank
The juice that I got to experience the holy healing power on the juice I had
Chronic diseases have been in and out of hospitals and the entity constantly
Provided in ER since Jelly Juice was not forced to take any of the
The drug that changed my life is very happy with the protocol is my life
When I discovered that I have psoriasis I decided to go to many different
I spent about $ 800 a month on it that I did not even drink
Juice It's a street in the water I guess what drinking water removes
I do not want to be this guy but you can see her clearly
The outbreak is still in her skin she used the foundation of something buried like
What is the difference you put on more makeup not only benefit from
Jelly juice but the rest of my family also my son has autism
Since ADHD has been on the juice Jelly has been tested his son is in
Moderate autism before that showed severe autism symptoms
Do not give this to your children, my God her daughter has risen her degrees
The higher the degrees the chili juice will not only cure your son's autism will also
Help improve their scores everyone I do not know how they can not sell on
Daily juice and chili juice did a wonderful thing for me as I feel happier
I feel younger I feel that you went through a midlife crisis and you've got it
More than the best congratulations I've been thanks to
Where I doubt my doubt that I doubt it
They have been paid only because they are paying off until when
Rachid I've been doing this protocol I started on June 30th of
2017 Do you have a large body reaction when it started oh
Sure you do have these waterfalls Oh sure this brings us to
The pain part of the treatment is what they remember
The waterfall certainly has these waterfalls Oh you give it definitely
Diarrhea is not violent diarrhea is not called waterfalls because they are different
Various context of intention and different results okay it is not
She diarrhea waterfalls waterfalls
It's called waterfalls because it has different context of different faith
Different results okay explosive area
How exactly your Boa is violently but is supposed to help your immune system
I have a question I tried not
Yes you can look like this huh well you did not try it why you hate it
Looks fine to me perfectly healthy you do not have
Try to dare to criticize Let me ask you something that you think if
If you have cut your arm drink this will grow again
I'll do it unless we see it happen
I do but we have not seen it happen did not prove it as you see
Here of the reviews people like chili juice is the best everyone trusts
Chili juice is the only positive review of Anne
Who says she feels she is alive causes her to suffer from two strokes but
When I even complained here this is very annoying to you
See these people these poor people tried jelly juice and suffered
Health issues actually have severe health issues because of it because it is
A lot of salt which can cause experience strokes with chili juice was terrible
Taste like a swamp water you always call it the sewage whenever you take more
A little bit whenever I'm in a bath
I had only a problem in my kidney hurt the pancreas hurt I had a headache
I can not get rid of the pain cramps I felt there was a rise in my head
My blood pressure was very high and my face was hanging down I was carrying my words
I would have had a blow to Gillian and my hand was executed and was pricked
My fingers could not move them were stuck together I talked to
The doctor says I think we need an MRI
They were able to see definitively the fact that there were two strokes of Jesus
Christ had a good reaction you should worry about but I have
Lots of lawyers say you're supposed to keep drinking that juice
It was just symptoms I did not die I said I did not die I'm supposed to die
Proof of your theory I mean yes it obviously does not have to prove anything
Let's hear from the doctor what the real doctor should say about jolly juice
The doctor thanks you for being here. These are the things you would like to take
Drink Thank you No thanks Well what to do
Think about these claims that the amount of sodium in one cup as reported
The earlier is two to three times what the daily division is for normal
Individual if the individual has risk factors such as hypertension or kidneys
The disease is then up to four to five times the recommended amount per second
The point is that these waterfalls diarrhea is a point that you do not lose
Diarrhea in diarrhea is completely wrong it's not a loss it's not
Diarrhea get it true it is not diarrhea is not what diarrhea Diarrhea
An idiot gets it the right way that says it's so angry you say you guys long
There is no yes but you do not think it is obvious that unfortunately we have
Level and body of information have limitations that we do not all have
No answer she does not have all Jolie's answer Jolie's juice has everything
Everyone answers I think what we need to do here is jolly juice slicing
I do not say we should be okay by any means but it would be interesting to see
Everything will grow now I'm not a medical expert okay but it seems to me
That everyone just wants a free pass everything everyone wants the next day
Something miraculous this is what you'll get a loose cheerleader this one
You will lose weight, this is the magic things you will do
Because you practice and eat healthy food, no one fails to stop
Shortcuts and stop listening to crazy people including I thank you all
To watch this video leave like if you enjoy so much appreciate it
Thank you for subscribing if you have not subscribed to uploading videos every day
I see you tomorrow